Backgrounds
To select a time of day for a background simply add any of the following tags to the end of the name of the location:
_dawn
_morning
_sunset
_evening
_night

The only exceptions are for backgrounds that end in "_day", simply replace "day" with the appropriate time tag.
Examples:
image bg sayori_bedroom_dawn
image bg class_morning
image bg residential_sunset
image bg club_evening
image bg house_night

Also note that this isn't immediately compatible with new backgrounds that you've added to your mod, you'll have to code that yourself.
It's very easy, I promise.
Simply go into "time_of_day.rpy" and copy the format that I used, replace the image and change the name as appropriate. Couldn't really be any easier.
Feel free to tweak the system to your specifications as well if you're feeling confident about it.

If you want to flip a background vertically or horizontally just add "v_" or "h_" before the name.
(these are NOT currently compatible with the different times of day as of yet, I'll add that in an update at a later time)
Examples:
image bg h_corridor
image bg v_club_day2_day

Characters
To set a character to the appropriate time's coloration simply add the first letter of the time's name to the beginning of the character pose.
Examples:
sayori d1a (dawn 1a)
natsuki m42bd (morning 42bd)
yuri s3y6 (sunset 3y6)
monika n5a (night 5a)

New Poses
I've added several new poses as well. They are compatible with the time system.
Here are the following new poses:

Sayori
-New "z" face, just add to any given standard pose for both her uniform and casual outfits
-sayori 5e and sayori 5f, two new alternate faces for her finger-tapping pose

Natsuki
-natsuki 52 and natsuki 5b2, this is simply making the unused "tsundere" head turn sprites usable for both her uniform and casual outfits

Yuri
-None currently, need to get some done

Monika
-New "s" face, just add to any given standard pose for her uniform
-Added 4 new arm poses that increase her number of poses considerably, Monika now has new standard poses spanning from 6 to 16, all of which are compatible with all standard pose faces
